# Badge Development Meeting Notes

## 2025-03-17

Agenda:

- Review deployment options
  - Luke: pymakr?
  - Will centralize around mpremote
- Review business requirements
  - Program at conference
  - Image on one screen, name on another
  - Vendor level interaction would be good to have
  - Schedue to toggle through on screen
- Technical ideas
  - Could do mesh networking to send out messages
- UI interface
  - "Ready for programming" if no name.json
  - Call buttons "Left, Right, Select"
  - SW1 long press is menu all the time?
- CTF
  - File on the board that tells the commands?
- Dynamic app loading review
- App Directory Class
- `TODO` list review
